Add en docs and git install links (#1)
mercari-build/mercari-build-training-2022: document/tips.en.md

> At Step 4-1, I executed this command: ‘~~’
However, the following error occurred:
>
> Error message
>
> I think this error message means “**”.
> I therefore searched for “@@” which returned solutions X and Y. I attempted to apply these, but they did not fix the issue. Could you please help me out?

With this amount of information, the person you ask will be able to understand:
- Whether there is a problem with the environment
- Whether there is a problem with the project code
- Whether you have misunderstood something
- Whether you lack the knowledge needed to perform the task

And remember, you can ask anything, so don’t be shy!
If you search for an answer for 15 minutes and get no closer to a solution, talk to the other members on your team or to your mentor to see if they can give you a hint.
Solving problems by communicating with others is another kind of engineering skill.

## Read the official documentation
It’s of course best if you understand the official documentation (written in English), but it can be hard to find what you’re looking for in a document written in formal, technical English.

> Even if you start by reading an article on Qiita, etc. that describes a solution, once you understand the overall idea, make sure that you check the official documentation as well.

Reviewer: I guess some people won't know what Qiita is
```suggestion
Even if you start by reading an article a third-party knowledge platform like [Qiita](https://qiita.com/) or Medium, etc. that describes a solution, once you understand the overall idea, make sure that you check the official documentation as well.
```

> Example: To write Dockerfiles, see the [official reference materials](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) and the [Japanese reference materials](https://docs.docker.jp/engine/reference/builder.html).

Reviewer: I don't think the Japanese reference materials part will be necessary for those reading this EN version
```suggestion
Example: To write Dockerfiles, see the [official reference materials](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/).
```
